docs: Claude Skills for style guide 1 (#24031)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/nft/asset-tokenization.mdx

:::tip

> You can find a public facing reference to the WASM library in the [move-binary-format-wasm](https://github.com/MystenLabs/sui/tree/main/sdk/move-binary-format-wasm) Sui repo subfolder.

Author: ```suggestion
You can find a public facing reference to the WASM library in the [move-binary-format-wasm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@mysten/move-bytecode-template) Sui repo subfolder.
```

  Apart from specifying the item and its type, the buyer must set the specific price and the seller's kiosk ID to execute the purchase transaction successfully, accomplished by running `npm run call purchase`.

- **`join`**

  When you execute the command `npm run call join`, 2 specified tokenized assets of the FT type are merged together. Before running the command, make sure that the fields `FT1` and `FT2` within your `.env` file are populated with the objects you intend to merge.

- **`burn`**

  When you intend to burn a tokenized asset, execute the command `npm run call burn`. Following this action, the specified asset is destroyed. Before running the command, make sure that the field `TOKENIZED_ASSET` within your `.env` file is populated with the object you intend to burn.

- **`get-balance`**

  By executing the command `npm run call get-balance`, you can retrieve the balance value associated with the specified tokenized asset.

- **`get-supply`**

  By executing the command `npm run call get-supply`, you can retrieve the value representing the current circulating supply of the asset.

> - **`get-total-supply`**

Reviewer: These are you, right?
